README.md, before:

# Special thanks
I would like to thank all people that made CS50 possible on edX. I was able to learn much more about the foundation of the computer science. This chrome extension was done as the final project required at the end of the course and I much satisfied with my progress througout the experience that is CS50.

My honest thanks to David J. Malan and all of the staff envolved with this amazing work and experience called CS50.


# Color Picker
A chrome extension color picker application to extract colors from websites and images.

# How to use
## Set up extension
Access your extension manager:

![Chrome extension manager access](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/chrome%20extension%20manager%20access.png)

## Load extension
Check if Chrome is in developer mode and run "Load unpacked extension":

![Chrome load unpacked extension](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/chrome-load-extension.png)

## Pin the extension to the browser bar

![Chrome fix extension on browser bar](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/chrome-fix-extension.png)

## Add colors
Click on the extension icon and select the color picker input:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-addColor.png)

A menu will popup and allow the color selection and adjustment:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-addColor-colorPicker.png)

With the color selected, click the button Add on the extension popup interface:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-addColor-colorSave.png)

The color will be shown right below:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-addColor-colorEntry.png)

## Change color name
To change the color name just click on it and a new name prompt will popup:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-changeName-click.png)

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-changeColorName.png)

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-changeName-update.png)

## Color code
To see the code of a specific color just hover the mouse over the color entry icon:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-colorToolTip.png)

## Delete color entry
Click on the trash can icon to delete that color entry:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-deleteColorEntry.png)

## Export to css
As long at least 1 color entry exists, a export button will appear allowing a download of the named colors as css variables:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-getCss.png)

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-cssFile.png)

Commit message:

readme: Changing header levels + Added new chapter (Architecture)

README.md, after:

# Chrome Extension - Color Picker

#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/Nji_N-Kk1Ls

#### Description: A chrome extension color picker application to extract colors from websites and images.


## How to use
### Set up extension
Access your extension manager:

![Chrome extension manager access](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/chrome%20extension%20manager%20access.png)

### Load extension
Check if Chrome is in developer mode and run "Load unpacked extension":

![Chrome load unpacked extension](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/chrome-load-extension.png)

### Pin the extension to the browser bar

![Chrome fix extension on browser bar](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/chrome-fix-extension.png)

### Add colors
Click on the extension icon and select the color picker input:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-addColor.png)

A menu will popup and allow the color selection and adjustment:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-addColor-colorPicker.png)

With the color selected, click the button Add on the extension popup interface:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-addColor-colorSave.png)

The color will be shown right below:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-addColor-colorEntry.png)

### Change color name
To change the color name just click on it and a new name prompt will popup:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-changeName-click.png)

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-changeColorName.png)

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-changeName-update.png)

### Color code
To see the code of a specific color just hover the mouse over the color entry icon:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-colorToolTip.png)

### Delete color entry
Click on the trash can icon to delete that color entry:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-deleteColorEntry.png)

### Export to css
As long at least 1 color entry exists, a export button will appear allowing a download of the named colors as css variables:

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-getCss.png)

![Adding colors](https://github.com/vinics/chromeExt-ColorPicker/blob/main/imgs/colorPicker-cssFile.png)

## Architecture
### Composition
The project is composed of 3 main parts

## Special thanks
I would like to thank all people that made CS50 possible on edX. I was able to learn much more about the foundation of the computer science. This chrome extension was done as the final project required at the end of the course and I much satisfied with my progress througout the experience that is CS50.

My honest thanks to David J. Malan and all of the staff envolved with this amazing work and experience called CS50.
